Menu

 
Delicious, handcrafted beverages and great-tasting food. The secret to making life better.
It¡¯s true. The perfect cup of coffee and a wholesome, delicious snack can make your day. So we make sure everything you choose is of the finest quality. Because really, isn¡¯t that how life should be?  



Drinks
Amazing coffees from around the world. Handcrafted beverages to discover and enjoy. We love bringing you these things. 
Starbucks Drinks
 
Food 
Our pastries and sandwiches are made with high-quality, simple ingredients. So all the goodness you taste is real food, simply delicious. 
Starbucks Food

 
Nutrition
We¡¯ve got the tools and data you need to find out what¡¯s inside our food and drinks, so you can make the choices that work for you. 
Starbucks Nutrition
 

More Fun with Pumpkin Spice Latte

Friday, October 07, 2011
 Posted by Kelly B. - espresso product manager 




More Fun with Pumpkin Spice Latte

Friday, October 07, 2011
 Posted by Kelly B. - espresso product manager 

It¡¯s time to ¡°fall back in¡± to our usual routine. Summer vacations have come and gone, the kids are (finally) back 


in school and we¡¯re settling back into our habitual schedules.
 Fortunately, there¡¯s something to spice things up a little: the return of the Pumpkin Spice Latte!
 

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Try a Breakfast Sandwich for only $2 

Monday, October 03, 2011
 Posted by Erin V. - marketing project manager 




When you drop by for your favorite drink you can get any of our breakfast sandwiches for $2.* We heard on 


MyStarbucksIdea that you loved trying our tasty breakfast sandwiches for $2.
 The offer is back! This week: October 4-10. With all the time you save having a hot breakfast on the go, you may 


actually get to work on time or catch the beginning of class.
 We¡¯re serving up these hot and tasty breakfast favorites:
 Bacon & Gouda ? delectable applewood smoked bacon and egg topped with melted Gouda cheese on an oven-
toasted artisan roll.
 
